Li Jiaming, what do you want to do?
We have called the police.
Ah!
It seems that you really haven't lived before.
Want to get away
Dream, Chen Xiaoming, don't be impulsive
You put the knife
Don't be impulsive
I like to see you in a hurry
Garmin, what are you doing?
I thought brother was your sister Jin?
Hahaha, it's all in a hurry.
Now you know, please?
Chen Jiaming
How am I?
I'm going to be arrested today anyway
I will definitely find two cushions to back
Hey, which one do you say I am the first to knife?
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ah, Tianming, don't be impulsive.
You listen to me you put the knife down
You are not selfish
You just have to wave
We're all negotiable
Tianjiaming is dry
It's because of this bitch
And I'll quote alone
And put me in jail alone
I'm fucking it all
Tian Jiaming
I'm really guilty
My son and my daughter
To kill each other
Don't forget.
When you decided to take Wei Wei to the hospital
You mean full end